Add remark about limited featureset on varying MPD implementations (#16211)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mpd.markdown

        volume_level: 0.60
```

> This platform works with [Music Player Daemon](https://www.musicpd.org/) and [mopidy](https://www.mopidy.com/) with [Mopidy-MPD](https://mopidy.com/ext/mpd/) as used by [Pi MusicBox](https://www.pimusicbox.com/). While all of these rely on the common MPD protocol, not all implementations support all features, especially with regard to album artwork, embedded artwork and volume control, and the platform will fallback gracefully, if support isn't detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This platform works with [Music Player Daemon](https://www.musicpd.org/) and [mopidy](https://www.mopidy.com/) with [Mopidy-MPD](https://mopidy.com/ext/mpd/) as used by [Pi MusicBox](https://www.pimusicbox.com/). While all of these rely on the common MPD protocol, not all implementations support all features, especially with regard to album artwork, embedded artwork and volume control. The platform will fall back gracefully if support isn't detected.
```
